Further learning.
With the knowledge you've gained in this training, I have some suggestions for what you can do next to further
improve your RPA skills.
UiPath offers their own online and free-of-charge(!) Academy, with more than 50 RPA courses, role-
based learning plans and comprehensive product trainings. To access the courses, please navigate to
academy.uipath.com
Once you're here, you can go to the login or sign up button and you can sign in with the email and
password that you use to sign up for UiPath Automation Cloud for Community when installing UiPath
Studio earlier.
Once you're in, you can navigate to "Courses" and you will see all available courses and you have the
option to sort by, for example, course language, category, product and difficulty level.
My recommendation is to go for the role-based learning plans, so simply navigate to "Learning By Role"
and you will be presented the various learning plans. If you're an aspiring RPA Developer,
I recommend starting out with the "RPA Developer Foundation" Learning Plan; before enrolling in the "RPA
Developer Advanced" Learning Plan.
The learning plans are covering theoretical concepts as well as hands-on exercises and quizzes, and
will enable you to further increase your understanding of UiPath features and technology.
It will also give a good indication of what becoming a professional RPA Developer will demand from
your side in terms of the necessary hours
you need to invest. If you are an aspiring RPA Project Manager, I recommend the "RPA Implementation
Manager Foundation" plan.
The Learning Plan covers the implementation methodology design by UiPath based on hands-on experience
and feedback collected from key customers.
The learning goals are to identify the different steps of an implementation, the ability to choose the
processes suitable for automation, ability to drive an RPA project and raise RPA awareness
throughout the organization.
So pretty much what we covered already in our five step implementation plan,
but in more detail. This training is also relevant if you choose other RPA software than UiPath
for your company.
To further help you out, here are some awesome resources that you may have a look at and bookmark in
your browser.
So first of all, we have the UiPath RPA Academy, and you already know what that is.
Then we have the UiPath Community Forum to find information, post questions, discuss and learn from
other RPA professionals all over the world.
We have the UiPath Studio Guide, where you will find comprehensive information about UiPath Studio
and we have the UiPath Activities Guide, where you will find comprehensive information about the various
activities in UiPath studio; what they do, what their inputs are, what their outputs are, commons
and so on.
And for RPA developers in general, I can really recommend the Microsoft .NET documentation at
...
docs.microsoft.com. The .NET guide provides a large amount of information about the .NET framework.